Added platforms (partially) operated and documented externally (#142)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/alps/platforms.md

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: CWP][ref-platform-cwp]

</div>

In addition, the following platforms are jointly operated by different Swiss projects and institutes and CSCS. Software and policies are tailored depending on the use case, and are documented separately.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :fontawesome-solid-mountain: __Merlin 7__

    The Merlin resources are available to all PSI staff and external collaborators.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Merlin](https://www.psi.ch/en/awi/the-merlin-hpc-cluster)
    
-   :fontawesome-solid-mountain: __Materials Cloud__

    Materials Cloud is built to enable the seamless sharing and dissemination of resources in computational materials science.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Materials Cloud](https://www.materialscloud.org/)

-   :fontawesome-solid-mountain: __Numerical weather forecasting__

>     MeteoSwiss uses a numerical weather forecasting model for the production of regional and local forecast products in the Alpine region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    MeteoSwiss uses a numerical weather forecasting model for the production of regional and local forecasts in the Alpine region.
```
